[Music]
hey how's it going guys this is Dave 2d
and today we're looking at the refreshed
g7 5-2 that copper-colored beast from
Asus it's being refreshed for the gtx
1070 let's take a look
so 17 inch laptops tend to be big but
this one's always been particularly big
and it has an optical drive so it's
designed to be more of a desktop
replacement than a device that you carry
around regularly in terms of his
exterior very little has changed it's
the same silver colored aluminum top
panel silver colored bottom paneling but
there's the big and bold copper accents
that make this laptop very unique
looking it's still not real copper it's
still a polycarbonate but the overall
build quality on this laptop is really
good it's expensive a model with the gtx
1070 starts at $2,500 us but everything
is built really nicely the screen hinge
the rear exhaust the fit and finish of
everything is great there's still some
flex on the keyboard but it's a wide 17
inch laptop it just comes with the
territory something I noticed this time
around this laptop needs a big desk to
use it comfortably if I use the laptop
on a small desk where I'm forced to use
it close to the edge of the desk this
corner here will dig into your wrist and
it's annoying but if I use it a more
spacious desk where I can put my arms
onto the desk as well it's a completely
normal experience and that's how I use
my laptop if you're interested in the g7
5 to make sure you have lots of room so
you can place your arms onto the desk as
well
[Music]
it has the same port selection as before
so individual audio jacks Thunderbolt
three port display outputs Ethernet for
USB threes and an SD slot the keyboard
and trackpad are unchanged they're
pretty good the keyboard has macro keys
you can program the backlighting is red
which I don't love because I'm not a big
fan of red I kind of wish that at this
price point it had like RGB lighting or
something but no you're stuck with red
the trackpad is solid it's got physical
buttons and tracking is very nice
because it uses Windows drivers but
overall everything about the inputs are
exactly the same as the previous
generation the internals are super easy
to get to there's one screw and there's
a pull tab to get in there this unit has
32 gigs of RAM it's actually factory
overclocked a bit a one terabyte hard
drive and an m2 SSD there's actually
room for a second SSD which is nice
drive speeds are good I'm glad they went
with a fast SSD at this price point the
CPU is a skylake 6820 HK so a bit faster
than the super popular 6700 HQ and it's
unlocked
so you can overclock it I tried it just
to see what it could do and the software
is really simple to use but thermally I
couldn't get it stable at even four
gigahertz but seriously it's plenty fast
at stock it has a gtx 1070 and the
performance on this thing is awesome it
still blows my mind as to how close
these cards are to their desktop
equivalents so running most games at
1080p is super easy on this card
moderately demanding stuff like
overwatch or black ops 3 or Mirror's
Edge those are all around 100 frames per
second at max graphics settings even
something like doom on Ultra can break
100 frames per second the division runs
at around 75 frames per second on Ultra
a little bit less depending on the scene
and something like Witcher 3 will be
really close to 60 frames per second the
screen on this model of the g7 5 2 has
g-sync and has a refresh rate of 75
Hertz so all of these titles will be
capped at 75 frames per second if you
have g-sync enabled and that's the tech
that kind of reduces visual stuttering
and visual tearing but here's the deal
I'm a filthy casual and to me 75 frames
per second is plenty smooth but the
thing is a gtx 1070 can push way more
than 75 frames per second for the
game at 1080p so I feel like you're
wasting a lot of this machines potential
by being capped at 75 frames per second
the one really good thing though is that
the next generation or two of games like
as they become more demanding will still
run smoothly on a 75 Hertz g-sync panel
the panel is otherwise really nice matte
finish
great color accuracy good contrast
viewing angles but I feel like the 75
Hertz panel is more suited to a GTX 1060
a 1440p panel would be pretty cool
because when you hook that one up
externally you still get awesome frame
rates it's only the super demanding
titles like Witcher 3 that drop below 50
frames per second when you're running at
1440p so thermally this thing is very
well cooled it features a vapor chamber
again temperatures are very comfortable
fan noise however is a different story
it's still quiet on idle but under load
it's louder than most 17 inch laptops
the benefit to these fans is that I'm
experiencing no throttling even when
running 3d marks so it's a very well
cooled machine now with increased fan
noise the speakers on this system are
less enjoyable to use if you've seen my
original review you'll remember that
because of the positioning of the
speaker's behind the screen there was
already an issue where you lost some of
the audio details in the upper
frequencies but the overall sound was
decent but now with the elevated fan
noise coming from the same area the
sound gets even more distorted and you
have to crank the volume pretty high to
overpower it so get some headphones
you'll want them for games and movies
the battery is 88 watt hours and I kind
of have mixed feelings about it I feel
like they could have gone to that 99
watt hour legal limit but it would have
been heavier and realistically at this
kind of laptop size you're probably not
bringing around to be used on battery
life anyways the AC adapter is pretty
big it's 230 watts and it gets hot like
really hot but that's going to be pretty
standard with this kind of performance
so overall I like this laptop it's a
strong performer the gtx 1070 is a beast
and i like the way that it looks it's a
design that kind of gets better over
time as you look at it more and more and
that's pretty rare with gaming laptops
but in terms of value you're not going
to get amazing valley with this device
but what you will get is a really good
performer with really nice aesthetics
and if that's what you're looking for
this is a really good option that's the
end of this video hope you guys liked it
thumbs if you did subs if you loved it
it's been nice I'll see you
[Music]